Approval Workflow documentation (#7668)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/users/groups.md

# User Groups

> User Groups allow you to organize users into collections that share common permissions and can be assigned to approval workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User Groups allow Nautobot administrators (users with the `is_staff` flag set on their user account) to organize users into collections that share common permissions and can be assigned to approval workflows.
```

## Accessing User Groups

1. Open the **User dropdown menu** in the top-right corner and select **Admin**.  
   ![Admin dropdown](../../../media/development/users/groups/admin-drop-down.png)

2. In the **Users** section, select **Groups > Add** or **Groups > Edit**.  
   ![Users section](../../../media/development/users/groups/admin-user-section.png)

## Adding a Group

1. Click **Add Group**.  
2. Enter a **Group Name**.  
3. Assign one or more **Permissions** to the group.  
    - Each permission defines what actions members of this group can perform on specific object types.  
    - For details on creating and managing permissions, see [Permissions](./objectpermission.md).  

   ![Add Group form](../../../media/development/users/groups/user-groups.png)

## Using Groups

> - Groups are typically referenced in [Approval Workflow Stage Definitions](../approval-workflow.md#approvalworkflowstagedefinition) to control which users are eligible approvers for a given stage.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Groups are are also used in [Approval Workflow Stage Definitions](../approval-workflow.md#approvalworkflowstagedefinition) to control which users are eligible approvers for a given stage.  
```
